**My original dataset contains only about 1050 observations, of which around 220 were lost when attempting to scrape lyrics, and 10 more were lost when querying personality analysis. Best case, I want many thousands of observations for a good model, not to mention I would like to use XGBoost and LightGBM effectively, both of which require large datasets. So getting observations in the hundreds of thousands would be optimal, as I doubt I could get a dataset with millions of observations. Another problem is that none of the data in my original dataset is time labelled, which is a problem since the target label popularity is likely highly influenced by the release date of a song.**

**Both of these problems are solved by this data set I found created by Andrew Thompson https://components.one/datasets/billboard-200/. It has 340,000 observations of tracks, and they all have time labels. I expect to lose many observations again when I scrape lyrics and query personality analysis, but I hope to have at least 100,000 when all is done. Also, my original dataset contains many unpopular album songs, some of which function as intros or interludes. These songs are all from the billboard 100, which may make them significantly better observations for the purpose of training a model to predict popularity. Ths dataset also has no null values. Currently, the Spotify Web API features missing that I need to query are popularity and explicit. Then I need to attempt to web scrape lyrics, and query sentiment analysis and personality analysis again. This will all take quite a while, given 340,000 observations. The data is in a database file.**

**I will grab songs from Spotify's featured playlists endpoint to use as a test data set.**
